---
layout: SiteMaster
---

Resources

Videos - Building your own CodeRush plugins.

Advanced CodeRush Plug-ins: Creating Refactoring Providers and Code Providers 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Ia0ZcfuUNA

Advanced CodeRush Plug-ins -- Custom Painting 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fC1Gi0goV6c

Advanced CodeRush Plug-ins: Extending Tab to Next Reference 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fHwa4_nglw

Advanced CodeRush Plug-ins: Creating Custom Code Issues 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVwbkDH-feg

CodeRush Feature Workshop: Search Providers in Depth 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gARUMCdnJM

CodeRush Feature Workshop: Go To Type
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVVeBsi_5pQ

CodeRush Feature Workshop: Change Properties of References
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyCA5kwvxi0

CodeRush Feature Workshop: Multi Select - Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MaHb40wyRAs

CodeRush Feature Workshop: Multi Select - Part 2 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ShmEFJM8hN0

CodeRush Feature Workshop: Remove Outer Block
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exJXrK1x1yw

CodeRush Feature Workshop: Namespace Folder Sync - Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCwegrbWk6s

CodeRush Feature Workshop: Namespace Folder Sync - Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNR8RYL4EyQ

CodeRush Feature Workshop: Improving String.Format - Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIiytvG2zu8

CodeRush Feature Workshop: Improving String.Format - Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOwvcoCglFQ

CodeRush Feature Workshop: Super Sibling Navigation 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgcsZdyo4zI

CodeRush Feature Workshop: IDisposable - Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwI3v_FSaRA

CodeRush Feature Workshop: IDisposable - Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkR2HGrpO2k

CodeRush Feature Workshop: Favorite Views - Part 1 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sXD5Rb30sTY

CodeRush Feature Workshop: Favorite Views - Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-HhBi6yaI64

CodeRush Feature Workshop: Quick Pair 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxRZMgOF_qc
